hey guys it's boss tech seven here I've
made a video in a while except been
rather busy and with my life you know I
have a life but really the reason I'm
here talking to you today is because
Apple has just released I think it is
this morning or last one I don't really
know I woke up and ever too just talking
about it but um they've released the new
brand new system for their max not
released it but they started talking
about it and what it's called it's um OS
X 10.8 mountain lion so this new system
basically is gonna have a hunch over a
hundred new feature I mean what they've
done is there really bring it over a lot
of the iOS features to the max system we
have just a full spectrum of
applications let me going over today
that they've planned they're planning on
putting into the system which is going
to be released in late summer just so
you know just too late summer release on
this system but right now if you are a
developer you can go to the Apple
Developer account down a little preview
the whole system you can actually go
download just a part of the the full
messages application on there too right
now go do it download it it's awesome so
a couple of the main things they're
going to bring it bring it over there
sum 41 they have the Notification Center
a new brand new feature in iOS 5 swipe
over have all your notifications in
there I'm not too sure if I like that
I'm feel like I take up by my desktop
but I'm working on well we really see
you on how about you tell me what you
think of it tues I feel a little iffy on
the whole a notification center in there
but enough also another thing their
brain in there is bring in full I work
application integration with iCloud
which is a big thing I've been missing
you can sort of rig it right now but it
doesn't sink both ways and it really
just sucks I'm still gonna be having
full I cloud integration with I work
with all the other features right into
mac OS x which is going to be awesome
then bring in a full-on reminders
application to the max so you can have
all your reminders on your Mac system
customize them they're just work on them
on your Mac which is going to be really
really convenient for people who need to
get a lot of work done also another big
thing they're bringing is I message to
the net it's going to be called messages
I should have another vid
right after this it's showing you how to
use the new messages application but
it's really it's gonna be awesome I
really wanted this in my max since the
day they released I message so you just
messaged any iOS user ipad ipod touch
iphone right from your macintosh so you
can talk to them while you're on your
mac doing your work also another thing
they've integrated into the new max
system that they're going to be
releasing up is full Twitter integration
just like iOS 5 so you're going to be
able to tweet straight for Safari
stripping the main main apple app
built-in applications also they're going
to be have ability to be put into third
party applications so you can tweet
right from your favorite Angry Birds
high score and another awesome thing
besides the Twitter integration is
they're gonna that's all under a
category called share sheets and which
it basically is are going to be able to
share anything straight to Twitter start
to flicker sure to Vimeo videos I'm just
straight to a whole bunch of different
websites which is really good it's going
to be amazing and I'm gonna love it
another thing that they're really
putting it inside the am a software
called eight keeper and what gatekeeper
really is it's basically a sort of um
protection on your Mac so if you it
keeps you from downloading malware
content like actual applications from
the web and will only strike your limit
you to downloading applications from the
mac app store now this is kind of
controversial but you can't turn it off
you can customize this to be only from
the mac app store only iCloud or Apple
ID integrated applications or just turn
off completely on the new system also
the best thing that in my opinion has
been put into the mac system is you can
now use airplay airplay mirroring right
on your macintosh with the new system
once it comes out so basically open up a
program hit a couple buttons actually no
it will be at the top and a little
airplay simple just like your iOS device
click that they'll throw your whole mac
right up to your TV which is gonna shake
i'm really excited for that in the very
last piece of the puzzle they are going
to be releasing is Game Center for the
mac which basically now it doesn't
really work that great right now because
there's not too many games that are
forth about both the mac and iOS devices
but they're trying to get this push to
where they can get a lot more games on
the max so basically you can play
against any iOS device on your Mac too
if as long as it's the same game through
the game center just like you used to
playing device device on iOS you now do
it device to
Mac so basically guys that has been it
this is boxed x7 i will leave a link
right here of my I'm I message format
video demonstration how to use it once i
get that up so you can look around right
here to get that window in there and to
check out that video on how to use it
and what awesome features in spreading
and other than that guys check out some
of my other videos don't forget to
subscribe rate comment ask me tell me
what you're thinking about the maxim
because i'm really curious on how you
all are thinking about it i'm i'm not
sure how well some of these things are
going to go but i'm really excited for
the new system i love when they release
new software for any of any device
really so I'm don't forget to do all
that and I will catch y'all later see ya